these nails have other things and
grooming on their mind their attention
is turned to the treetops it's time to
hunt a large group of like-minded males
are assembling one of them drums it's a
signal telling others nearby that the
hunt is about to start
chimps elsewhere hunt when they see a
good opportunity but here in in Go Go
hunts often start whether or not
suitable prey has been spotted
the male's set off through the forest
they travel for up to four hours of the
time searching for likely victims
porkpie tags along he's not yet an
accepted member of the hunting
this is what they're looking for a troop
of red colobus monkeys
the hunters take up their positions in
the surrounding trees ready to pounce on
any monkeys that try to escape
they're closing in on the most
vulnerable target a female with her
young
the colobus males do their best to fight
back but the chimps are much bigger and
stronger
some of the infants have been separated
from their mothers there now easy prey
the males are the first to eat they
supplement the flesh with a few leaves
just as humans take vegetables with
their meat
but some of the male hunters now share
their kill with other members of the
group including the females what why
they should do this has provoked a lot
of speculation although a ton gogo males
share more often with their allies using
meat to strengthen these ones the hope
of collecting a share of meat may well
be the reason for joining in the hunt in
the first place